correction of the refetch function type in useQuery documentation (#4000)
reduxjs/redux-toolkit: docs/rtk-query/api/created-api/hooks.mdx

  isSuccess: boolean // Query has data from a successful load.
  isError: boolean // Query is currently in an "error" state.

>   refetch: () => Promise<void> // A function to force refetch the query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  refetch: () => QueryActionCreatorResult // A function to force refetch the query - returns a promise with additional methods like initiate()
```
